Deploy and Manage: ECK (#380)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/install-using-helm-chart.md

> ::::

Reviewer: consider putting the helm minimum version in a sub variable so it's consistent between here and https://docs-v3-preview.elastic.dev/elastic/docs-content/pull/380/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s#k8s-supported

Author: Added to the project issue as a new task for a later stage. I prefer to change the variables file in a new PR after this is merged.

> ## Cluster-wide (global) installation [k8s-install-helm-global]

Reviewer: not urgent: would be good to have a little map to the sections on the page -"you can install cluster wide or restricted. you can also migrate an existing installation to helm"

consider also wrapping the install options in an h2 and making them h3s

Author: done! I've refined this page, hope you find it better now :)

```

## Migrate an existing installation to Helm [k8s-migrate-to-helm]

::::{warning}
Migrating an existing installation to Helm is essentially an upgrade operation and any [caveats associated with normal operator upgrades](../../upgrade/orchestrator/upgrade-cloud-on-k8s.md#k8s-beta-to-ga-rolling-restart) are applicable. Check the [upgrade documentation](../../upgrade/orchestrator/upgrade-cloud-on-k8s.md#k8s-ga-upgrade) before proceeding.
::::

You can migrate an existing operator installation to Helm by adding the `meta.helm.sh/release-name`, `meta.helm.sh/release-namespace` annotations and the `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` label to all the resources you want to be adopted by Helm. You *must* do this for the Elastic Custom Resource Definitions (CRD) because deleting them would trigger the deletion of all deployed Elastic applications as well. All other resources are optional and can be deleted.

::::{note}
A shell script is available in the [ECK source repository](https://github.com/elastic/cloud-on-k8s/blob/2.16/deploy/helm-migrate.sh) to demonstrate how to migrate from version 1.7.1 to Helm. You can modify it to suit your own environment.
::::

> For example, an ECK 1.2.1 installation deployed using the [quickstart guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/1.2/k8s-quickstart.html) can be migrated to Helm as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, an ECK 1.2.1 installation deployed using [YAML manifests](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/install-using-yaml-manifest-quickstart) can be migrated to Helm as follows:
```

> For example, an ECK 1.2.1 installation deployed using the [quickstart guide](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/1.2/k8s-quickstart.html) can be migrated to Helm as follows:

Reviewer: can we bump the version # here?

Author: not sure for what versions the procedure would exactly apply, hence I prefer to not change it.
